[Music]
anna suddenly woke up
it looked like something was wrong while
confused she went to the bathroom to
find out that she had a pee-pee anna was
sure she had a nightmare but
unexpectedly she reached down and
touched it with her hand
oh my god anna didn't give up hope she
pulled out her pants
indeed there was the thing she felt like
she was daydreaming what the hell was
going on while anna was not yet fully
recovered
her two children opened the door of the
room she immediately stopped the two
closed the door to keep them outside and
quickly looked for clothes to wear
but unfortunately her old panties didn't
fit anymore
reluctantly she pulled out her husband's
old underwear she spread her legs wide
open to bring her children to school
when she got on the bike to leave oh god
it hurts anna went home to find her best
friend and told her the story about her
pp
at first her friend did not believe it
when she saw anna took off her pants
she thought anna was joking so she
pulled the thing anna screamed in pain
the two of them sneakily climbed onto
the rooftop anna's friend pulled out a
cigarette and took a breath
her friend carefully observed anna's pp
that was special
her appearance and her genitals were not
related her friend was extremely excited
she asked anna if her pp could go hard
anna went crazy
she can't rely on her friend anna went
to the hospital to meet an obstetrician
anna took off her pants to prove the
seriousness of the problem
after seeing the pp the doctor poured
out a full glass of water
then threw it straight on his face the
doctor returned to the clinic and began
to solve the problem for anna
in fact he was also very curious about
this bizarre story
he asked the whole thing again she let
the doctor examine her body
then the doctor told her to go to the
bathroom to see if the thing was going
to work
but anna has no experience the doctor
began to guide anna
telling her to imagine a man wriggling
in front of her anna complied but it did
not react
again the doctor told her to imagine a
hot girl it immediately reacted
after that anna came up with countless
scenarios a pair of long legs with black
lace socks
blonde hair blue eyes plump lips while
imagining
anna has successfully nut the doctor had
a headache
this transcended his professional range
as he was just an obstetrician
anna's story even transcended human
evolution anna
depressed and returned home now she had
to manage herself
she drank a lot of alcohol and female
hormone enhancement pills
she just thought that everything would
be fine overnight but unexpectedly the
next day the floor was full of used
toilet paper
anna stayed home for a few days and felt
very claustrophobic
the situation did not improve but
worsened when she saw her best friend
anna could not help it her best friend
was alert to anna's unusual gaze and ran
away
anna has not been to the company for a
few days under pressure from her boss
anna went to work she hid in the office
for one day in the evening she suddenly
saw her colleagues clothes
an invisible energy source made her wear
it while she was happily going to the
toilet
the female guard suddenly entered and
was shocked by anna's pp so she passed
out
so
[Music]
decided to let go of the concept of
gender she could hold her baby up and
run
while she went to the hospital the
doctor was amazed her body was full of
male hormones
she was full of energy like a teenager
with strong vitality
anna was very pleased with her current
situation not only did she get along
well with the workers but she also had a
much more generous personality
she can also pee while standing up this
was a pleasure she had never had before
the evening after work anna dressed like
a man walked out onto the street
she observed and simulated the actions a
guy did being a man was also great
one day while working her colleague was
busy on the phone a tree fell in his
direction but he did not know anna
jumped up and grabbed him
he wanted to say thanks so he brought
hannah some drinks at the bar
that night anna drank a lot of alcohol
her colleague was seduced by anna he was
about to kiss her but she pushed him out
she had a bit of a strange feeling
towards him while sleeping the bell woke
her up
that day her ex-husband was coming to
pick her up she frantically looked for
pants to wear
she suddenly forgot that something was
still there she pulled the zipper up and
felt a piercing pain
what the hell she held the pain to open
the door for her children
they asked why mom was crying anna was
muted while anna was pulling the zipper
in the toilet
she received a message from her
colleague he wanted to meet her
two people come to the restaurant he
confessed his feelings to her
at this point anna felt it turned out
that she also had feelings for this
person
when they left the two exchanged a
passionate kiss his hand touched her
butt
anna suddenly awakened said that the two
of them were better to be just friends
her colleague refused to let go he fell
in love with her after hearing the man's
confession
she decided to run to the doctor and
tell the doctor to cut the pp off her
the doctor told her it would not be that
easy this type of surgery takes a long
time to prepare
a miserable anna returned home only when
she found true love
she wanted to return to being a woman
the doctor came to anna's house and told
her to love one person is to love all of
that person if the man really loves her
he would accept everything including
that after being encouraged by her
doctor and close friend
she turned to her colleague she wanted
to tell him everything but when she was
about to speak
suddenly there was lightning in the sky
anna suddenly felt she was back she
slowly undressed
appearing in front of her still a sexy
female body they exchanged intense
kisses
the two loved each other honestly and
finally had a happy ending
a few months later the female guard
appeared at her house and brought a baby
say hello to daddy anna fainted